### What is a workflow?
A `Workflow` is a description for a sequence of `FlowRepresentable`. Those operations are normally displaying screens or views. There are different ways of [creating workflows in SwiftUI](Creating%20Workflows%20in%20SwiftUI.html) and [creating workflows in UIKit](Creating%20Workflows%20in%20UIKit.html). 

### What is a `FlowRepresentable`?
A `FlowRepresentable` is a protocol that describes a type that can appear in a `Workflow`. It optionally declares `FlowRepresentable.WorkflowInput` and `FlowRepresentable.WorkflowOutput` indicating whether it requires data or whether it passes data forward. It also provides an initializer so that it can be created by the `Workflow`. Once an item conforms to `FlowRepresentable` it is capable of being injected into any `Workflow`. 

### Valid workflow sequences
Workflows enforce (either at compile-time or run-time) that the sequence of `FlowRepresentables` are well-formed. For example if a particular `FlowRepresentable` has a `FlowRepresentable.WorkflowInput` of `String` but the previous item passes an `Int` forward, that workflow is malformed. It's possible for a `FlowRepresentable` to declare a `FlowRepresentable.WorkflowInput` of `Never` if it does not take in data, `Any` if it can intake multiple types, or `AnyWorkflow.PassedArgs` if it can handle being passed no data, or data of any kind. Lastly, if your `FlowRepresentable.WorkflowInput` needs to take in multiple values you can use a tuple.

In some cases, like UIKit, the compiler is efficient enough to give you compile-time feedback on whether a workflow is malformed. This means that runtime errors are rare. They can still occur, for example if you have Item1 declare a `FlowRepresentable.WorkflowOutput` of `AnyWorkflow.PassedArgs`, then call `FlowPresentable.proceedInWorkflow(_:)` with `.args("string")`, but Item2 has a `FlowRepresentable.WorkflowInput` of `Int` there'll be a runtime error because the data passed forward does not meet expectations. 

In SwiftUI, the compiler was simply not efficient enough to give the same compile-time feedback on malformed workflows. While the safety can be added, it resulted in the compiler only allowing for small workflows to be created. To combat this SwiftUI is heavily run-time influenced. When you create a `WorkflowLauncher` it runs a runtime check to guarantee the workflow is well-formed. This means that if you wanted to test your workflow was well-formed all you have to do is instantiate a `WorkflowLauncher`.